c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\IMKLocation.dll.config
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\IMKLocation.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\IMKLocation.pdb
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\obj\Release\IMKLocation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\obj\Release\IMKLocation.dll
c:\users\ikiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\obj\Release\IMKLocation.pdb
C:\Users\IKiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\IKiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\CommonServiceLocator.dll
C:\Users\IKiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\IKiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\Unity.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\IKiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\IKiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\Unity.Container.dll
C:\Users\IKiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\IKiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\Unity.Interception.dll
C:\Users\IKiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
C:\Users\IKiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\IKiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\CommonServiceLocator.pdb
C:\Users\IKiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\IKiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\IKiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\Unity.Configuration.pdb
C:\Users\IKiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\Unity.Container.pdb
C:\Users\IKiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\Unity.Interception.pdb
C:\Users\IKiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.pdb
C:\Users\IKiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.pdb
C:\Users\IKiselyov\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IMKLocation\IMKLocation\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.pdb
